Data Processing Steps
========================================================
Read the train and test data sets into variables x and y _ train and _test respectively. Other txt files were read in the variables subject train and test for the subject information for the respective files. The first step was to merge the X training and test data followed by the Y training and test data. THis was done using the rbind command. Next the X and Y data sets were combined using cbind to form a single data set called total_merged. Reading in the features file into the variable called features, I then extracted only the indices of the columns associated with the mean and std of the features. This was stored in varaible xtracted, next using this we xtract the values of only those mean and std columns and then construct the data set ymerged. Using the subject test and training data sets we construct a merged data set called total_subject which has the subject information for the combined data set. Next we iterate through the data to label each activity based on the number, and finally create the cleaned data and label data set called ymerged.

Next for each subject we retrieve the mean and std values for each action and then calculate the means of the mean and the std. The means of the mean and std are stored in variables result_mean and result_std. These two data sets are then combined using cbind and converted into a data frame and stored in total_result. Finally column names are added and the table is written to a file called output.txt
